Hey, good morning everybody. I'm Brandon
Biggs
and this is Diana Biggs, and we're so
blessed you joined us today. You know, I
was praying on the couch last night and
I said, "Lord, what do you have for
your people today? I
need something
fresh."He
said, "I want you to go back to the
authority of the believer. I want you to
talk about the authority of the
believer."I
said, "Well, I can do that, Lord,"and it's
one of my favorite topics.
My son, Diana, and
I
all love it; we've listened to it for
the last ten years, really
heavy, all the time. Even my son,
when he was a little boy,
could quote some sermons
better than the preacher
could because he would
memorize what the preacher was
going to say. He would be like a
parrot as a little boy and
start quoting what he was fixing to say
before he would say it. Even afterwards,
when the sermon was over and
we were
driving in the car,
he would always quote all of the
sermons we would listen to.
I'd play them on my MP3 player,
playing
one sermon continually on
the radio because
I wanted to get it down inside of
me. Faith cometh by
hearing, and hearing by the Word of God.
I know that the more you listen to
it, the more it becomes real to you.
I heard Brother Hagin say that he
would listen to things and
meditate on the Word and get it down
inside him. I thought, "Well, if it
worked for Brother Hagin and his
life was so fruitful,
why not do it too?"So I
started finding sermons that stood out
to me—Brother Hagin's sermons and
others—and
I just listened
to them
over and over to the point where,
like I said, my son would
start quoting them. I'd go, "Well, I guess
I've listened to that one long enough;
I need to move on to another
one."Kenneth
E.
Hagin—to
the point where, like I said, my
son
knows his stories better
than he
did. I say, "Wow, praise
the Lord!"I was
thinking about the sermon whenever he
was talking about
how
the power company provides the
power to the
house, just like the Father provides the
authority and the power of His presence.
The anointing on
you provides the power, but it's our
job to flip the switch. He's not going to
flip the switch in your house. The Oklahoma
Tulsa power company is not going to come
and turn the switch on in your house;
they
provided the power to the pole, but it's
my job to flip the
switch. As believers, it's our job
to flip the
switch of the power like we do in
a
house. He's not going to flip it for
you. We are praying for the sick
and saying, "God,
why haven't you done
this?"He's
already done it, ladies and gentlemen!
He's already said, "It is finished."Those
were
His last words on the cross. What
was
finished?
Everything He set out to do to
redeem us from the curse of the law was
finished. He redeemed us; He took our
infirmities, our poverty,
our grief, and our sorrows. He took
everything on Himself that was on
us—everything
that the curse of the law of
Deuteronomy 28
stated.
According to Galatians,
Christ has redeemed us from the
curse of the
law by becoming those curses for us. So,
it's done. When He said it's
finished, it's finished. There's nothing
more He can do for you. He already
told you, "You are healed by the stripes
of
Jesus."Isaiah
53:5 and 1
Peter—those
scriptures are
real, alive, and
powerful today. They're
for every single one of
us if you just believe it. He has
already provided healing,
health, wealth, wisdom,
and all the things He said He would
do for us. It's our job to flip the
switch
in our spiritual house and say, "I
yield to what He already
did."We
stand confidently in the finished
works of Jesus Christ,
which
guarantees you victory. He's given us
dominion.
He also says to
heal the sick. He didn't say
pray for the sick; He said heal the sick.
Matthew
10:8 says, "Heal the sick, cleanse the lepers,
raise the dead, cast out devils; freely
you have received, freely
give."We're
using our
authority right there.
James 4:7 says, "Submit yourself unto
God, resist the devil, and he will
flee."He
didn't say for you to pray and ask the
Lord to take care of the devil for you;
He said for you to
submit yourself unto God and resist him.
If you don't resist him, he isn't going
to
flee.
If
you
resist him
and
keep on keeping on, when he realizes that
you're not going to give up
and you are not going to cower down to
him, he's going to
flee. But it's not until you
have
that
bulldog
on a bone mentality—"I'm not letting go of
my
God-given
rights to walk in health,
healing,
and
deliverance"—that
he will
flee in terror, like
Brother Hagin used to say.
He's going to run in terror,
freaking out to get out
of here, because
he
knows when
you have that
revelation of authority to tread
on serpents and scorpions and nothing
shall by any means hurt you. That's what
Jesus
said: "A thousand shall fall at my
side and ten thousand at my right hand, but it
will not come
nigh
me."It
takes
speaking to the problem
and
circumstances,
submitting yourself unto
God, and resisting the devil. It's not God making the devil
flee; it's you submitting yourself unto God and resisting
him with
the
Word. The devil
is
not afraid of you, ladies and gentlemen;
he's afraid
of the Word and the revelation of the Word
because the Word of
God is sharper than any two-edged sword.
We have that Word
coming
out of our mouth that quenches all
the fiery darts of the devil. We have
the
shield of faith, the helmet
of salvation, and that armor
to
be
warriors because of
what
God's given us:
the
breastplate of righteousness, the girdle of
truth, and feet
shod with
the gospel of peace. But you have to put it on
and
walk
it out by faith.
Speak to your mountain. Your mountain
needs to hear your voice.
Begging is not
believing. Just like Jesus cursed the
fig tree—even if you don't see it right
away, it dried up 24 hours later.
You
keep pressing in.
Just because
it didn't happen immediately
doesn't mean it didn't work.
Abraham
staggered not at the promise
of God through unbelief. He
didn't
give
up and
say,
"It must have been
pizza that night I had the
visitation from the Lord telling me
He made a covenant with
me."If
he
had,
he would have lost the blessing
of his son.
You have to have that
bulldog grit.
"I
will receive my manifestation
no matter what; I am not moved by
what I see or feel,
I'm moved by what the Word of God
says."If
you want results in your prayer life,
find scripture to back what you're
praying.
You can't
get off in la-la land and expect God to
answer prayers that are not biblical. You
have
to
it
backed
by the Word of God.
He says we can
walk in divine health with long life.
He promised me at least 120
years; that's what the Word says.
He
will
satisfy us and show us His salvation.
You have a guaranteed scripture right
there.
If
someone
is
dealing with
depression, instead of saying,
"God, help me,"you speak
to that depression and say, "No, the Word
of God says He's given me a sound
mind."Speak
the
Word over your circumstance
according to 2 Timothy 1:7.
You don't have to have depression,
anxiety,
or
fear; you can have good, restful sleep.
We
want
you
to
be
encouraged
and
walk away with hope
joy.
The
Holy Spirit lives on the inside of you
and has given us everything we need
in that beautiful book called the Bible.
We're on the
victory side,
not
the victim
or
begging side.
God
is
moved
by your
faith,
not
just
your
needs.
If you have a need,
sew a
seed and find scripture.
The Bible says He takes
care of the birds of the air and the
lilies
of the field; how much more will He
take care of
you?
We have a
better covenant than
Abraham;
we have a covenant
with Jesus's blood.
We
are made in His image, joint heirs of
Jesus Christ, and seated with Him
in the heavenlies.
Living on the
victory side means not living
low,
barred,
busted, and disgusted, barely getting
by.
We're going to stand with you for
your healing
and
victory today. Diana and
I are the two
gathered together,
agreeing with you
that by
the stripes of Jesus, you're healed.
Today
is
your day. Believe
it.
Now
faith is the substance of things hoped
for and evidence of things not seen.
Like our youngest says,
"Not later,
now!"Right
now, Daddy,
I believe it now.
Father,
we agree right now in
the name of Jesus that You sent Your
Word and healed these people
from the top of
their heads to the soles of their feet.
We believe we
receive that right now by faith.
We latch
onto
the
hem of Your garment and say, "I will be
made
whole."I
take authority over this
sickness and disease.
You have
authority in all three realms:
Heaven, Earth, and Hell. Speak to it and tell it to go. I have
authority over
that cough,
the
flu,
COVID,
cancers,
diabetes,
high blood pressure,
and
blood sugar
disorders.
Speak to your mountain.
Father, we
speak to those circumstances to change. I call you healed, well, and
delivered in the name of Jesus.
We speak
to kidneys, livers, and brains to line up.
We
speak healing over autism, dementia, and mental strongholds to go now.
Father,
we thank You
for
blessing
the fruit of the womb.
We speak over
the
reproductive systems of those believing for children. We thank You that ovaries and hormones function correctly,
and
the lining of the uterus
is as it should be.
We plead the
blood of Jesus over their
cycles.
For
mothers
believing for children, we
thank You that they
conceive and carry
to
full term. Your Word says our
vine will not cast its fruit before its
time. We thank You
for
health and
wholeness over that child, and that the baby has perfect Apgar
scores in Jesus'name. We thank
You for thriving babies and
that mothers do not have
postpartum depression. I speak against
colicky behavior and acid reflux;
there will be no
acid reflux in
Jesus'name. We
thank You
for healthy
nursing and
that the
milk
brings
nourishment.
I saw an alligator mouth
trying to talk against them. Every
tongue that rises against you,
you must
condemn.
We
break word curses and generational curses
in
the name of Jesus.
We condemn those
words; they will not bear fruit. You do
not have authority to speak any word
curses over us or
our
children.
For
those
who
have
miscarried,
your
vine will not cast fruit before its
time.
Find
that
scripture
in
Malachi
today.
You
will have a full-term baby,
healthy with no problems.
Father, we thank You
and
call Elon Musk saved in the name of
Jesus.
We call forth
laborers across his path and the
path of
Joe Rogan. We thank You that Joe
Rogan is born again and filled
with the Holy Ghost.
We
thank You
that Taylor Swift
and
big Hollywood
celebrities are coming to the
kingdom of God. We
take authority over the demonic spirits
that have blinded their eyes.
Father, according to
Ephesians, let the eyes of their
understanding be enlightened and
flooded with light today.
We
call for
radical conversions in
these
last days.
We call in the people from the north,
south, east, and west to come to
the kingdom of God.
Father, we thank You that
the churches would speak the truth
and
pastors would have
a deeper, intimate relationship with You.
We
call
for creative miracles to flow
in these churches
uninterrupted and
unhindered by any demonic
force.
We
thank You,
Lord, for a supernatural move of Your
presence
and
a
great outpouring.
We thank You
that
the war will not
take place
as
seen; we deflate the balloon. We thank You
for
peace concerning Vladimir
Putin and that
President Trump would have the right
words to say.
We
thank You for a
season of grace, favor, and
a
supernatural wealth
transfer
for
the
body
of
Christ.
We take authority over the
demonic spirits that have held our
wealth back.
We thank You
for
peace
in Jerusalem and that
Hezbollah and Israel will stop
fighting.
We
call for every hostage
to be released
now in the name of
Jesus. We
call an exposing of this darkness
and
say, "You are
free
now."Send
the troops to find them;
we call them free from Syria. Father, we call
for
an exposing of every dark plan
concerning
America. Everything concerning
terrorist groups
located here—we thank You
that the FBI, Homeland Security,
and
law enforcement
uncover every
plot.
Foiled
in the name of Jesus!
Your
hand of protection is on America.
We thank You
for
protection
during the
holiday season
and
shopping.
No weapon formed against the churches
will prosper.
We pray a hedge of protection around President
Trump,
his family, and the Secret
Service.
Give
them
discernment in
knowing which threats are real.
We put angels around
them
and
thank You
for
supernatural wisdom as
he leads
America and
makes
it godly
again.
Visit
him in the midnight hour
and
give him supernatural
rest.
I
feel
a
turning
happening in the realm of the spirit.
Thank You, Jesus, for turning this
country around.
This nonsense
will
stop,
and the Deep
State will not
succeed
because we, as
the body of Christ, have authority
over this
demonic principality.
Principality is working through
personalities
like
Macron
and
Joe Biden, but this stops now.
Every plot will be
brought to light.
We
have
four years
of
great blessing
and
prosperity.
We
will not have that
bomb blow up Poland as I saw;
we
pray
against it.
There will be
no
false flag events in
Europe to
escalate
war.
We
do
prayer
every
day.
If
you're new here,
please subscribe
and
like our videos.
We're believing for a
million-person
prayer army
to change events.
What the devil meant for bad, God
is
going to turn for good.
This is a time of great turnaround. We
walk
in
victory
over
end-time
events.
People
will see the
joy
and
provision
in
our
lives
and
ask,
"What's different about
them?"Put
a smile on your face and a song in your
heart. Jesus loves you so much and we
love you. We will see you all again
tomorrow. God bless you all. Bye-bye.